we all got his stick even practice you
all day
Oh
get up early our life
how we got Alan
xiao san ramon he's got the grant IA in
his head injury go ahead a chance to do
some push-ups all right Ali he's better
than shave all day pumping wait
100 pushups for you right now look at
the one-legged pushup look at Wow the
other way
all right now that stupid no armed
pushup now we get
nice ali haider mixology presentation
coming up representation of the entire
card pumping stunt doubles for Tom
Cruise in cocktail
praying in the bullpen
since they were three years old they
were in college for that
are the crews coming through yourself
haha oh mama I want
hurry up
yeah Chloe up to darlin a special drinks
for your girl
ha ha ha ha ha trigger a lotta right now
they are delightful no longer for you
guys from
what's your name come on shake those
three what a few shaded the best come on
show house down she came chick chick
follow around a table
he's girl before to shame
Oh